PGCE and QTS pages (#1954)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/what-is-a-pgce.md

---
title: "PGCEs and PGDEs"
description: |-
  PGCEs and PGDEs are teacher training qualifications. Alongside QTS they enable you to teach in a state school in England.
date: "2021-11-01"
image: "media/images/content/hero-images/0015.jpg"
backlink: "../../"
lid_pixel_event: "What is a PGCE?"
keywords:
  - PGCE
  - Post-graduate
  - Post-grad
  - Certificate
  - Education
  - QTS
  - Qualified-teacher
  - Teaching
  - Qualification
  - State-school
---

A PGCE is a teaching qualification. It stands for ‘postgraduate certificate in education’. 

The course you take to get a PGCE is a mixture of learning education theory, and being placed in a school classroom to learn from experience.

> Another qualification is a PGDE, which stand for ‘post graduate diploma in education’. A PGDE course is very similar to a PGCE, the difference being the amount of academic credits you are awarded at the end of your course. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another qualification is a PGDE, which stand for ‘postgraduate diploma in education’. A PGDE course is very similar to a PGCE, the difference being the amount of academic credits you are awarded at the end of your course. 
```
